IBX-371 - add a warning (#1383)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/releases/ez_platform_v3.0_deprecations.md

The `EzPublishMigration` bundle has been dropped.

### EzMigrationBundle

> As of Ibexa DXP in version 3.3.3, the `ezsystems/EzMigrationBundle` bundle has been dropped. Use `ibexa/migrations` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of v3.3.3, the `ezsystems/EzMigrationBundle` bundle has been dropped. Use `ibexa/migrations` instead.
```
